>> Jen Kramer: So to save a little
bit of time, let's go on ahead and
copy the styles that we just created here.
>> Jen Kramer: And if you refer back to
your web page, I've given you a horizontal
navigation mark CodePen, go on ahead and
open that up and you can fork it.
And I'm gonna paste in the same
styles that I just had for
my horizontal navigation, or sorry for
my vertical navigation bar and
pasting those same styles in.
Because actually, there's not much we need
to change to make this go horizontally.
What we need to do in order to make this
go horizontal is actually the same kind of
trick that we just used.
We use this trick to take
our inline element and
we turned it into a block to fill
the whole entire button, right?
There is another property for
display that we can apply to our li's,
in order to make this go horizontally on
the page as well and this is a different
one, it's called display inline block and
we're gonna put that on the li.
That's it, we're done.
One property, you just made
a horizontal navigation bar, okay?
Now you can go ahead and tweak it and
make them the right size.
It's lapping on to another line
cuz my screens not that big.
But you see here on the nav li,
what I did here is I changed my
display property to inline block.
That's a weird one, okay?
You know inline, you know block.
Now we have one called inline block.
[LAUGH] It's kind of the best
of the inline world,
with the best of the block
world matched together.
Basically, this is going to allow
you to put these navigation buttons
all next to each other, but
still maintain some of the properties like
the width of these navigation buttons.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And
the wrapping is a CodePen thing, not a or
just will the browser will
automatically do that, or?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
>> Speaker 2: Is the code pen
automatically doing that?
>> Jen Kramer: No, this is a browser,
well, it's actually my screen size,
what I have here projected for
my screen size.
If I reduce the width of my buttons,
let's say I make them eight ligne wide,
they're all going to go on one line.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay?
And if you were doing this in
real life on a web page you
probably wouldn't make enough bar
with buttons this honking big.
These are really big.
>> Jen Kramer: But it was fun, wasn't it?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
that's as simple as it is to make
a horizontal versus
vertical navigation bar.
The thing you need to add to make it go
horizontal is this one line right here.
Display inline block, put on the li, okay?
And you can style things up.
>> Jen Kramer: All the rest
of it on your own.
>> Jen Kramer: How's everybody doing?
>> Speaker 2: So, what does that,
line of code essentially mean,
like you're turning each link or
each part of the list in the navigation
bar is now inside of a block,
which is the full length of the web page?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so inline elements as
you know they go next to each other, so
we can line up inline
elements forever after.
So that's the inline
portion of inline block,
we're gonna stack these things
next to each other in space.
>> Speaker 2: Put every in
line element into a block?
>> Jen Kramer: So our lis,
we're gonna put them one after
another horizontally in space and
there's some block level properties that
those lis, are gonna maintain as well.
>> Jen Kramer: Like the ability to have
width, and be able to put margin, and
padding on all the sides.
That those kinds of properties
from the block world apply, but
putting everything next to each other
from the inline world applies, and
that's what makes inline block.
I wish they came up with a better name.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Jen Kramer: I really do.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: What I'm looking for
is like a translation in English that
helps you remember to do that [LAUGH].
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, just think
about it as the nav bar property.
This is where inline block gets
used a lot is on nav bars.